---
title: Ben's Git Data
---

```js
import * as Inputs from "npm:@observablehq/inputs";
import {commitTimes, projectsOverTime} from "./components/commit_times.js";
```

# Git Data

```js
const gitCommits = FileAttachment("data/git-commits.tsv").tsv({typed: true});
```

A small analysis of the projects I work on and how I work on them. Most of these are public on [my GitHub](https://github.com/bbkane/). Some caveats to remember...

- Commits do not strictly represent effort. A single commit can be one line or one thousand lines, and those lines could be autogenerated or painstakingly researched.
- I occasionally travel and I don't think these times represent that.
- Commits are only taken from the master branch.

That said, I can definitely see patterns, so let's go! Use the checkboxes to filter repos.

```js
const allRepoNames = ["dotfiles", "envelope", "fling", "grabbit", "journal", "shovel", "starghaze", "taggedmarks", "warg"];
const filteredRepoNames = view(Inputs.checkbox(
    allRepoNames,
    {label: "Repo", value: allRepoNames},
));
```

```js
const filteredCommits = gitCommits.filter(repo => filteredRepoNames.includes(repo.repo_name));
const filteredCommitTimes = filteredCommits.map(obj => new Date(obj.commit_time));
```

---

<div class="card"">
    ${resize((width) => commitTimes(filteredCommitTimes, {width}))}
</div>

- If viewing on a phone, use the landscape orientation.
- I seem to have a pretty hard stop between 11PM - 5AM - sleeping is fun!
- My most-committed time is 9PM Saturday
- `envelope` was mostly written on Sunday evenings
- I mostly work during the weekends on these. Friday work is mostly due to [inDays](https://www.linkedin.com/blog/member/career/inday-investing-in-our-employees-so-they-can-invest-in-themselves), and I'm very grateful LinkedIn let's me invest in myself one Friday a month.

---

<div class="card">
    ${resize((width) => projectsOverTime(filteredCommits, {width}))}
</div>

- My dotfiles are 10 years old!
- I really up'd my commits when the COVID shutdown started.
- I tend to work on a project for a while and then move on - `taggedmarks`, then `grabbit`, then `fling`, `starghaze`, `shovel`, and `envelope`.
- I've put pretty consistent effort into `dotfiles`, `journal`, and `warg` over several years.

---

<div class="card">
    <h2>Raw data</h2>
    ${Inputs.table(filteredCommits)}
</div>

This table isn't that interesting to look at, but I keep it around for debugging the graphs.